It's gotten to this point, you still have a hard mouth.
I don't really see the coffin crying.
It is not wrong to seek death.
Wang Julong, this is the medicine god you came to.
Bravery isn't just babbling here.
It's stupid not knowing good or bad.
Ladies and gentlemen.
This brother didn't mean that.
Dear, are you the Queen?
Otherwise, I can't protect you.
Two and a half minutes to hit.
Call me a bunch of decision-making jobs.
Stop, this Ye is not an alarm.
Jiang's treatment has a plug.
Isn't the plot right?
There's vertigo in this acupressure.
But this is the king of medicine.
Why is this big-breasted girl so fat?
Is there a disease?
Miss Wang
You're really gifted with business intentions.
But this is as far apart as mountains.
Old man, I said 50 years of practice.
How could there be a flaw that you can see that I'm ignoring?
Yeah, girl.
Let the professional do it.
Isn't that what you always say?
Don't let the zombies hear Dr. Zhang.
My grandfather's been sick for over three months.
During the time the bed does not move
Upstream air in the upper limb.
What is the rate of congestion during this time?
You said it's done.
Don't just wake him up.
After that, he's still gone.
Thanks to Lady Wang reminding him that he had missed a big deal.
Miss Wang is a genius.
Not just in business.
Unexpected for medicine is also so proficient in divine medicine
That's a compliment, if it wasn't for the minister.
How do I know my grandfather's problems are in my hands?
I don't know where that minister is now.
Didn't everyone see it?
Did the lady say it was domestic?
Impossible, insulting a real person.
I can't believe he actually has a little bit of talent.
Ms. Wang was so complimentary.
I'm just Tang Shao Yin with me.